---
title: Perhaps
author: Ryoo Jungmin
category: essay
layout: post
---

Getting married reminded me that my parents had a whole set of lived memories before I was born. It’s easy to forget that they, too, were once young, untethered, and free, immersing themselves in the world with open arms; that they had relationships and experiences that shaped them in ways I can only imagine; that they had their own first encounter filled with excitement and anxiety; that they arrived at a moment when they decided to marry after a period of thought. It’s both daunting and astonishing to realize that I am the culmination of their dreams, woven with hopes and determination nurtured over the years.

Committing to share my life with him brings the hopes and determination of his parents into my life, our life. The night swims in the Pacific Ocean, visits to the Halloween pumpkin patch with his numerous cousins, and homemade almond jellies—glimpses of lives unfolded 6,000 miles away that I would have never known if I hadn’t talked to him at that coffee shop eight years ago—are now woven into our bedtime stories, evening strolls, and perhaps, a part of the world we wish to share with our children.

Marriage has revealed itself to be more magical than I had imagined. When like-minded hearts and shared hopes converge, it feels as though you could reach out and touch the universe flowing between the two. The seemingly ordinary moments we’ve lived now hold profound significance, whispering of a cause greater than our own lives, filling us with purpose and hope for the countless ordinary moments to come.

Perhaps, this is love.